Caitlin: Last heading loaded. I don't know what all that means, interesting. Okay, edit button&
Audio: End quote.
Caitlin: Okay, that's an ad. It's also identified as a button, that's great, and it tells me what the ad is for. Let's see if we can swipe past it.
Audio: The red subject, I was first at me, 20 hours ago.
Caitlin: we can. Okay, that ad is not bad, that ad is unintrusive. I don't mind that. That& that& I'm glad to see that. That is& that is& for an ad? That's not bad.
Elana: Say more, kind of, what's jumping out to you.
Caitlin: It's fun.
Elana: Versus what you talked to me about at the start of this session.
Caitlin: Definitely, yeah, definitely. So this is something that I& that it appears as though I can swipe past once and get past the full ad. Voiceover reads the entire, thing.
Caitlin: in one swipe, I don't have to swipe, you know, 15, 20, 30 times. And, most importantly, it's labeled it as an ad. Sometimes I can't tell that things are an ad, I just have to guess.
Caitlin: For example, one thing I did forget to mention, there is a website that's been showing up in one of my feeds lately, and&
Caitlin: it has some really interesting, recipes, or, you know, top, I don't know, top 10 things to buy at blah blah blah store. And then it just inserts random
Caitlin: fruits and vegetables and some random recipe, but it doesn't& it never tells you that it's a recipe in the middle. So I'm like, is this part of the list? And I have to, like, figure it out all on my own. I'm like, are these items? Is this part of the list? Is it& because, you know, some of the& some of the things overlap.
Elana: Yeah, no.
Caitlin: 15 things to throw in your fruit salad. And I'm like, what? So that gets very confusing. So I really like that this is clearly identified as an ad. I can swipe past it very easily. If I go, oh, that's not relevant to me, I'm not gonna click on that. I don't have to read the whole thing. It's wonderful. So, for an ad, don't mind it.
Elana: How's the amount of information in what's provided in that ad?
Caitlin: Yeah, let's see.
Audio: End quote.
Caitlin: Okay, it looks like it is& the information is& would be enough to determine, yes, I want to click on that, no, I don't want to click on that. It looks like it's some type of health insurance.
Audio: Pass approval process. But&